multigrid: fixes (#10798)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/ui.txt

	`bold`:		bold text.
	`underline`:	underlined text. The line has `special` color.
	`undercurl`:	undercurled text. The curl has `special` color.

> 	`blend`: Blend level (0-100). Could be used by UI:s to support

Reviewer: UIs (plural) doesn't need an apostrophe (or colon :).

```suggestion
	`blend`: Blend level (0-100). Could be used by UIs to support
```
